feat(identity): add documentation for Universal Resolver setup and usage (#4545)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/iota-identity/getting-started/universal-resolver.mdx

```

Once running, you can resolve DIDs using a simple HTTP request:

```bash
curl -X GET localhost:8080/1.0/identifiers/<did>
```

## Building from Source

If you prefer to build from source using Rust:

```bash
cargo run --release
```

## Network Configuration

The resolver supports three network types:
- Testnet
- Devnet
- Custom networks

:::note
Mainnet support is coming soon.
:::

### Environment Variables

Configure the network using these environment variables:

| Variable | Required | Description |
|----------|----------|-------------|
| `NETWORK` | Yes | Network type: `"testnet"`, `"devnet"`, or `"custom"` |
| `IOTA_CUSTOM_NODE_ENDPOINT` | Only for custom network | The URL of your custom node |
| `IOTA_CUSTOM_IDENTITY_PKG_ID` | Only for custom network | The identity package ID for your custom network |

### Configuration Examples

#### Single Network
```bash
NETWORK=testnet
```

#### Multiple Networks
```bash
NETWORK=testnet,devnet
```

#### Custom Network
```bash
NETWORK=custom
IOTA_CUSTOM_NODE_ENDPOINT=https://your-custom-node-endpoint.com
IOTA_CUSTOM_IDENTITY_PKG_ID=0x4bbd377239914fced5c1207a28443064050e880a1234858904e0ce31a5a9768c
```

## Specifications

> For detailed information about the IOTA DID method, refer to the [IOTA DID Method Specification v1.0](https://wiki.iota.org/identity.rs/references/specifications/iota-did-method-spec/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed information about the IOTA DID method, refer to the [IOTA DID Method Specification](../../references/iota-identity/iota-did-method-spec.mdx).
```
